Update electricity-grid.markdown (#29853)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/electricity-grid.markdown

![Photo of Home Assistant Glow attached to an electricity meter](/images/docs/energy/home-assistant-glow.jpg)

#### Reading the meter via a IEC62056-21

> The IEC62056-21 is a common protocol in not only electric meters. It uses infrared port to read data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IEC62056-21 is a common protocol not only for electric meters. It uses an infrared port to read data.
```

> [Aquaticus](https://github.com/aquaticus) has created an [ESPHome component](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/new-iec62056-21-component/555236) for reading this data. [PiggyMeter](https://aquaticus.info/meter.html) is a complete project that allows easy instalation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Aquaticus](https://github.com/aquaticus) has created an [ESPHome component](https://community.home-assistant.io/t/new-iec62056-21-component/555236) for reading this data. [PiggyMeter](https://aquaticus.info/meter.html) is a complete project that allows easy installation.
```
